XMLTV 0.5.1

Gather television listings, process them and organize your viewing.
XMLTV is a file format for storing TV listings, defined in xmltv.dtd.
Then there are several tools to produce and process these listings.

Please see doc/QuickStart for documentation on what each program does,
and xmltv.dtd for documentation on the file format.

* Changes in this release

Fewer prerequisite Perl modules, see below.  And to further reduce
dependencies, parts of the installation are optional.  But there is
one new requirement, XML::Twig.  This is a replacement XML parser and
compared to XML::DOM (used by previous releases) it is faster and uses
much less memory.  So the system requirements have dropped too.

For developers, the interface to XMLTV.pm has remained compatible
despite the switch to a new XML parser under the covers.  But there is
now an additional 'stream-oriented' interface for reading XMLTV files
bit by bit.  (At present the standard XMLTV filter programs do not use
this interface - this is planned for future releases.)

The treatment of character encodings has changed for compatibility
with newer perl versions; now where possible the original input
encoding is kept for the output XML (previously all input was
converted to UTF-8).  This should not affect most users.

For ReplayTV users, the tv_check has a new feature to fetch its shows
list from the myreplaytv.com site.

Many small bug fixes, including robustness and performance
improvements for the UK grabber.

* Installation

% perl Makefile.PL
% make
% make test
% make install

However, the 'make test' step could take a very long time unless you
have a fast, new machine, so you might want to skip it.

To install in a custom directory, replace the first line with
something like

% perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=/wherever/

The system requirements are perl 5.005_03 or later, and a few Perl
modules.  You will be asked about some optional components; if you
choose not to install them then there are fewer dependencies.  The
full list of needed modules is:

XML::Twig      - note not XML::DOM as in older releases
XML::Writer
Date::Manip
LWP

HTML::Parser       (if you choose to install tv_grab_na)
Tk::TableMatrix    (if you choose to install tv_check)
XML::Simple        (if you choose to install tv_check)
CGI                (if you choose to install tv_pick_cgi)

The following modules are recommended, but the software still works
without them:

Memoize                          (makes some programs a bit faster)
Term::ProgressBar                (displays pretty progress meters)
Compress::Zlib                   (makes tv_grab_de a bit faster)
Lingua::Preferred                (helps with multilingual listings)
Unicode::String                  (non-ASCII chars in LaTeX output)
Lingua::EN::Numbers::Ordinate    (not really needed, to be honest)

And the Log::TraceMessages module is useful for debugging, but not
needed for normal use.

All of these, if they aren't included as packages with your OS, can be
installed with tarballs downloaded from CPAN or (hopefully) using the
CPAN shell program: 'perl -MCPAN -e shell', then 'install XML::Twig'
and so on.

* Author and copying

This is free software distributed under the GPL, see COPYING.  But if
you would like to use the code under some other conditions, please do
ask.  Contributors include Gottfried Szing, Jerry Veldhuis and Robert Eden.

There is a web page at
<http://membled.com/work/apps/xmltv/> and a Sourceforge
project 'XMLTV'.  Please join the xmltv-announce mailing list at
Sourceforge for notification of new versions.

-- Ed Avis, ed@membled.com, 2002-09-16
$Id$
